Add ambergon/multipleglove (#24526)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/ambergon/multipleglove/readme.md

# ambergon/MultipleGlove

![ambergon/MultipleGlove](imgur.com image replace me!)

*A short description of the keyboard/project*

* Keyboard Maintainer: [ATSUTO_NAKAYAMA](https://github.com/ambergon)
* Hardware Supported: *The PCBs, controllers supported*

> * Hardware Availability: *Links to where you can find this hardware*

Reviewer: This section needs to be filled in

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

>     make ambergon/MultipleGlove:default
> 
> Flashing example for this keyboard:
> 
>     make ambergon/MultipleGlove:default:flash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    make ambergon/multipleglove:default

Flashing example for this keyboard:

    make ambergon/multipleglove:default:flash
```

# MultipleGlove

![MultipleGlove](https://github.com/ambergon/MultipeGlove/blob/master/img/1.jpg)
![MultipleGlove](https://github.com/ambergon/MultipeGlove/blob/master/img/2.jpg)

> ![MultipleGlove](https://github.com/ambergon/MultipeGlove/blob/master/img/6.jpg)

Reviewer 2: These are all dead links. These images should be hosted on Imgur if you'd like them to be included here.

This keyboard was strongly influenced by the text editor Vim and the Keyball61 by Shirogane Labs.
The emphasis is on the home position of the left hand and access to the three rotary encoders without moving the hand significantly.
this keyboard specialize in 0-15 layer switching.

* Keyboard Maintainer: [ATSUTO_NAKAYAMA](https://github.com/ambergon)
* Hardware Supported: Pro Micro
* Hardware Availability: [Here](https://github.com/ambergon/MultipeGlove/tree/master#%E3%82%AD%E3%83%83%E3%83%88%E3%81%AE%E8%B2%A9%E5%A3%B2%E5%A0%B4%E6%89%80)

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

> ## build hex file
> ```.sh
> make ambergon/MultipleGlove:default
> ```
> 
> ## flash hex file
> ```.sh
> make ambergon/MultipleGlove:default:flash
> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
make ambergon/MultipleGlove:default

Flashing example for this keyboard:

make ambergon/MultipleGlove:default:flash
```
